Release 2.16.0 (#382)
rainforestapp/rainforest-cli: README.md

## Release process

Check the [`.circleci/config.yml`](.circleci/config.yml) for the latest, but currently merging to master will build and deploy to the following Equinox channels:

Tag | Channels
--------------------------------|-------------
No tag | `dev`
`vX.Y.Z-alpha.N` or `vX.Y.Z-beta.N` | `beta`, `dev`
`vX.Y.Z` | `stable`, `beta`, `dev`

### Development + release process is:

#### Development PR
1. Branch from master
1. Do work
1. Open PR against master
1. Merge to master
#### Changelog PR
1. Branch from master to update `CHANGELOG.md` to include the commit hashes and release date

> 1. Update the `version` constant in `rainforest-cli.go` following [semvar](http://semver.org/)

Reviewer: Typo with "semvar" but might be better to just write it all out so it's more clear
```suggestion
1. Update the `version` constant in `rainforest-cli.go` following [semantic versioning](http://semver.org/)
```
